(horns honking,
traffic sounds)
So, I guess
this is it?
It's been nice knowing you, man.
Here we go.
Hard to believe
we're already seniors.
Yeah, remember the first
time we came up here?
We were so young--
Believed everything
would always go our way.
Can I tell you something, chris?
Look, don't make this
any harder, chris, all right?
I already know you didn't get
into georgetown with me.
I got into northern.
Hey, that's not bad,
I mean...
Wait, what?
Northern was my first choice.
They have a top
pharmacy program.
I know.
But you're a marketing major.
See, this is why I waited
to tell you.
You said you didn't
even apply there, dude.
I mean, when the hell did we
start lying to each other?
(grunts)
(both laughing)
(tires screeching,
metallic crashing)
What was that?
No way.
Whoa.
(grunts)
(groaning)
(cries out)
Ooh.
Let's go again.
I know I can get
a better score.
Your fletc agent training--
It's not going to
be a competition.
Of course, but practice
makes perfect, right?
Come on, one more round?
Not today.
(sighs)
You looking for a gold star?
They have those?
Nope.
He used to have the top score
in every training category.
Still would if they hadn't
changed to a point-based system.
(chuckles)
Bell curve anyone? Hello?
Tony:
Hello.
How does it feel
to be a federal agent?
Well, I'll feel better
When I get my fletc
training done.
The sequestration last year
Delayed a lot of people
ahead of me.
Took me a week just to get
an instructor to qualify me
On the firing range.
And I suppose you aced that?
Well, they gave me a gun.
So, what are you guys
doing here?
Couldn't miss out on
Some sweaty
woman-on-woman action, huh?
No. Although it does save mcgee
a pay-per-view charge.
We got a crime scene.
Oh, okay, um, cool.
Let me just shower
and I'll be right back.
No, no time.
Gibbs is in the car.
We cracked a window.
Uh, gibbs wants me
In my sweaty old sweatpants?
He wants you in that.
Let's go, probie.
Mcgee: Well, a passing driver
called in the wreck.
Metro called us
when they found the cargo.
Rifles are civilian.
These aren't.
Property
of the u.S. Marine corps.
I'm guessing these
aren't bread rations.
The bakery closed down
two years ago.
Went out of business.
Truck's not registered.
And the driver's
long gone.
Stolen marine crates?
I'd get my hot cross buns
out of here, too.
No, they had to have
left something behind.
It's likely.
We will definitely
check on that.
Then go, do it.
Probie!
You know, when we call,
It usually means
You come to us.
At first, "probie" sounded
endearing and cute.
Doesn't anymore.
Missing driver, go.
He was a disgusting slob
who lived in his truck.
I found his dirty clothes,
His dirty mattress,
And his dirty, dirty porn.
This is all part
Of the rookie hazing thing, huh?
It's not hazing.
It's part of the job.
Driver?
Um...
I found blood
on the steering wheel,
And what looks like blue paint
On the broken windshield.
All that studying paid off.
Bell curve or not.
What about those buckets?
When I said
He lived in his truck,
It wasn't hyperbole.
Huh, our missing driver
was not a fan of pit stops.
Did you check them?
Ha.
Mm, for what?
Contraband.
It's the first place I'd hide
Something I didn't want found.
Hmm.
I wish that didn't make sense.
Hey!
You missed something in there.
Grading on a curve
hurts everyone.
You want me to squeeze
all the way down there?
You'd have to dangle me
by my ankles!
Hey, boss, I think I found
the cause of the crash.
Spray paint-- matches spatter
found on the windshield.
Yeah, well,
maybe the sky was falling.
Yeah.
Deliberately?
I don't know. Good question.
Well, deliberately or not,
what are the cosmic chances
Of a random bag
hitting a bakery truck
That's hauling
stolen marine rifles?
Well, not weapons.
It's armor.
Lots of it.
Missing the nsn.
Yeah, this one is, too.
All of them.
Pretty fast, abbs.
I don't like guns, gibbs.
Matter of fact, I hate them.
Which is a strong word.
But I am a professional, so...
Your handiwork?
Yeah, whenever
the marines accept
Equipment from a manufacturer,
It's stamped
with a national stock number
For safety
and logistic reasons.
All the vests in the truck
were missing them.
Which means they never made it
to uncle sam.
Or they were never meant to
in the first place.
So, you tested to see
if they're fake?
Yes, and my tests
revealed something
Way worse.
This is official
Marine-issued body armor.
When worn properly,
It can stop a 30-caliber
Armor-piercing round with only
an occasional broken rib.
This vest is from the truck.
Looks like the real deal.
Well, it is except...
When this is hit,
the ceramic plates,
They shatter into deadly shards
That bury themselves
inside the body.
The vests are faulty.
They're more like fatal, gibbs.
And apparently someone
is trying to sell these.
Okeydoke.
Body armor manufacturers.
Let me guess.
The two with dod contracts
deny making faulty vests.
They're sending representatives
just in case.
Hmm.
Mcgee: No, that's not
what I mean.
I'm saying it doesn't matter
To anyone here.
Delilah.
Look, when you're ready,
so are we.
Okay?
I got to go.
I'll talk to you later.
Everything okay, mcgee?
Delilah wants to stop by.
That's awesome.
I think so, too.
Ever since the parsa takedown,
she's wanted to come by
And thank everyone personally.
Well, so what's the problem?
The wheelchair.
She's uncomfortable
being seen in it.
I think she's still
getting used to the fact
That it's permanent.
I'm not sure what else
to do to help.
Just don't not avoid
not making her
Feel self-conscious about it.
Dinozzo's right.
Yeah.
Missing driver,
let's go.
We've been processing
The backpack found at the scene.
We're thinking the owner saw
Our driver from on high.
Prints?
A bust.
But we did learn
that in addition
To dirt and tight spaces,
Bishop is also good
with heights.
That is all more hazing,
I take it?
No, it's all part
of the job.
(sighs)
anything else?
Uh, found this
in the bottom of the backpack.
Book notes from mrs. Bodey's
12th grade english class.
There's no name.
Clearly male handwriting.
And based on the sloppy prose,
Our guy was skating
Through senior year.
Sickening.
We found a mrs. Bodey at
columbia north high school.
She id'd the handwriting.
And therefore, our slacker.
Pick him up.
Sickening.
Word around school
Is chris valley
and chris hoffman
Are attached at the hip.
You guys go everywhere together.
Do everything together.
Chris squared.
Look, it was
my backpack and paper.
This is my fault.
I should be
the one getting arrested.
No way, dude.
You don't get to go alone.
You want to go to jail?
Just for
a couple nights, maybe.
Anything to make you stand out
helps with scholarships, okay?
Do you know the money that's
out there for reformed convicts?
And talk about
a great application essay.
I could re-apply to northern.
They'd eat that up.
We'll-we'll
tell you everything
As long as you arrest us.
(laughs):
Okay.
Did you drop the bag on purpose?
No.
I mean, I mean, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, we deliberately
caused that wreck.
Huh. Really?
Why?
Because it...
Well, it fel...
It felt, it felt good.
We're out-of-control teens, sir.
We need the state to intervene.
Nobody's going to jail!
Aw, come on!
Your backpack hit a truck
Carrying illegal goods.
And we need to
id the driver.
So we're, like, heroes?
This doesn't help us though.
Okay.
You help me id the driver,
I think I could
Maybe arrange a couple hours
In a holding cell.
Okay.
We can work with that.
So what happened?
Uh, after the crash,
we climbed down to help.
But when the driver got out,
he just took off.
He seemed fine,
so we did the same.
Right, I need
a description.
Uh, he was a big guy.
Overweight, wearing a shirt
that was too small.
Uh, it had a logo on it.
A gun logo.
Oh, yeah,
that's right.
For the gun show that they have
every year at the fairgrounds.
It's going on
this week, right?
Yeah, yeah.
So, are you gonna
book us now?
I doubt it.
What if we punched you?
Excuse me?
Excuse me?!
Bishop:
Assaulting a federal officer
carries a six-month minimum.
They'd miss
fall enrollment.
(tony laughs)
So, why are we just
walking around?
Shouldn't we be
asking questions?
The badges say plenty
around here.
I want to see who finds us.
Oh.
Lot of firepower.
Think it's all legal?
I doubt it.
That's why we have
ol' sig watching our back.
Tell me about it.
Ol' sig's there
all the time now.
It's part of the job.
Yep. That becomes
apparent
When they send you down
the training alley,
The one with the
cardboard people that,
Like, pop out,
and you're alone.
No team, no time
to analyze.
It's just...
You and the gun.
(chuckles weakly)
You shot the picture
Of the mother holding the baby,
didn't you?
I thought it was a gun wrapped
in a towel.
Like godfather part ii.
Oh, nice.
You won't tell gibbs
or mcgee, right?
Well...
Can I help you two?
I'm not looking for trouble
at my show.
Ncis special agent
dinozzo and bishop.
Oh, agent, huh?
Fay gussman.
So, you kind of run
this place, ms. Gussman?
This isn't some yokel operation
Selling guns
to crooks or kids.
I got permits
for all my operations
Out in the office trailer.
Ah. Well, we're not here
about permits.
Have you seen this truck?
Sure. Pillsbury doughboy.
Excuse me?
Belongs to a pudgy fella.
Tries to sell at my show
every year without a permit.
Was he trying to sell
marine body armor?
Not here, for damn sure.
I get rid of trouble
when I see it.
Sure I got a name and address
written down somewhere.
Be back in a minute.
Let the badge
work for you.
Mm.
Is that more
body armor?
Looks like it.
For every one of our prepacked
care packages that you send
To your son or daughter,
we'll donate five more.
You can even choose to add
custom items:
A favorite shampoo, sunglasses,
even body armor.
It's against regulations
To wear nonmilitary-
issue body armor.
Well, it's better than wearing
a damaged vest.
Or nothing at all.
And thanks to congressional
budget cuts, that could happen.
Is that one of ours?
No. Different manufacturer.
They're military-grade,
but sold on the civilian market.
If you're looking
for something in particular,
We can order
just about anything.
You ever seen this truck before?
We believe the driver
Was selling
fraudulent military gear.
No. Like I said, we only buy
and send the best.
Troops deserve it.
Amen.
Wish I had more
vendors like karen.
Got that name and address
for you.
Doughboy's name is corey ruxin.
Address is
in falls church.
Thank you very much.
Thanks.
Federal agents!
Mcgee:
Ncis!
Gibbs:
Clear.
Clear!
This place is just
as filthy as his truck.
And just as many guns.
But minus the buckets.
(groans)
He could have used one earlier.
Check this out.
Ducky:
Three small-caliber gunshots
to the chest.
However, there are only powder
burns on these two.
First shot was at a distance,
duck?
Possible.
Leaving the shooter free
to get close enough
To administer these two.
That's insurance.
If our victim was selling
the faulty vests,
Someone else made sure
to get to him before we did.
They were tying up loose ends.
Got papers and a cell phone
Recently burned
in the fireplace.
That ash is still warm.
It's gonna be a pain to process.
Oh, I'll do it for you, tony.
I'll bag it and tag it.
Uh, arson cans are in
the mcrt truck, right?
I got it.
Mm-hmm.
Tony:
Thanks.
That was weird.
What, does she owe
you money?
No, she's paying me
to keep a secret.
Really? Is it a good one?
Mm.
Jimmy palmer, where you been?
Been here the whole time, tony.
It's my job.
And I usually notice
you doing it
Because you have more to say,
much more.
At least a "hello."
Hello.
(sighs)
Why is everyone acting
so weird today?
You can tell them,
mr. Palmer.
We're all family here.
I don't want to jinx it now,
doctor.
Saying things aloud
doesn't change
The probabilities
any more than rapping on hard,
Organic tissue
will reverse them.
He means knocking on wood.
Uh, our birth mother
officially signed
The adoption papers today.
So, all she has to do now
is have the kid...
And not change her mind.
Oh, for heaven sake.
I just jinxed it, didn't I?
(phone ringing)
ya think?
Yeah, abbs?
I always do this.
I always say too much.
Is there someplace
else I could wait?
Do you mean is there
someplace else you could hide?
No. You're gonna sit right
there and you're gonna think
About what you
and your company have done.
The faulty vests were the result
of a manufacturing defect, yes.
But we knew about it,
And we marked the entire batch
for destruction.
None of these made it
to the market
Or the military,
miss sciuto.
I-I've been very
forthcoming with you.
So, you think
I'm just being rude?
A little childish maybe?
Hmm.
I believe in magic, prayer,
And logic equally.
Is that childish?
No, it's impossible.
So is what you're saying.
If all defective body armor
was destroyed,
Then why did we find
three crates of it
(elevator bell dings)
in a derelict bakery truck?
There must be some explanation.
To hear about it.
Special agent gibbs,
Benson honeycutt,
Quality control manager
for dearborn dynamics systems.
Still waiting on an explanation.
Sure. So, recall protocol
is incredibly thorough.
Not to mention
the legal hurdles
we have to jump.
Even without nsns, each and
every product id number
Is recorded and
accounted for.
Paperwork would make
your head spin.
Try us.
Of course. Always happy
To cooperate
with any investigation.
Which means this isn't
your first one.
Oh, look. My search shows
That there was a combat zone
mishap report
Involving your body armor.
Yeah, that-that happened
two years ago.
And marine sergeant freddie linn
Is now paralyzed
from the waist down.
And our vest was never proven
to be at fault.
Which I understand sounds cold,
but it's-it's business...
And the truth.
Send linn's info to mcgee.
We're gonna follow up
on this anyway.
Good.
Sit!
Uh, gps error, mcgee?
When I spoke
to sergeant linn,
This is where he said to meet.
Didn't know
it was an empty field.
Well, he said he'd be here
by 3:00.
I'll give him another call.
Man:
Heads up!
Mcgee:
Freddie linn?
Hey. You guys must be ncis.
You mind grabbing me
my other half?
Thank you.
Man 2:
You good?
Thanks.
All right.
(grunting):
Sorry I'm late. Headwinds.
That would explain
The noise when I called.
Yeah, well, I got tired
of hearing what I couldn't do
And figured I'd give
people some other reason
To stare, so I started
a skydiving company.
So you were
a former paratrooper?
No, no, no,
But, uh, jumping sounded fun,
And turns out,
you don't need legs to fall
Or to turn a nice profit.
Appreciate you taking the time.
Yeah, well,
I wasn't thrilled
about digging this
up again,
But, uh, when you said it had
something to do with bad gear,
I was-I was curious.
What's this got to do with me?
You don't believe your body
armor was faulty?
I took four hits to the back
in a firefight outside of kabul
And yeah, my armor shattered,
But nothing's guaranteed
to hold up against that,
and any one
Of those bullets could have been
the thing that clipped my spine.
You seem pretty calm
about it all.
Eh, letting go of blame-- it's
the first thing you gotta do.
So please don't tell me
there's new blame to be had.
Well, we're investigating
a batch of defective armor
That may have been
sold illegally.
Where'd your vest come from?
(sighs):
Well, it's been two years.
Do we... Do we have
to go down that road, sir?
For the sake of the others,
let's be sure, huh?
It was a gift from my mother.
I don't have any
reason to ask her
Where it came from,
and I'm not about to now.
The guilt's gonna kill her.
Gibbs:
Not her fault.
Sorry.
Oh, no, don't be.
It's not as good as what I had
before all this,
But, uh, it works.
Do you mind if I ask you,
How long did it take you
to get used to it?
You don't.
You just, uh, choose to move on.
Which will be a lot easier
when you tell me
This is all put to rest.
Ducky:
Severe serrating
on the subdermis,
The lacerations being
approximately three inches.
Jimmy:
Severe serrating confirmed.
Lacerations approximately
three inches.
And again, no damage here.
I mean, it's amazing
What an actual working vest
can do.
(growls)
Honeycutt.
While there's no way to prove
What ultimately caused
His paralysis,
sergeant linn's wounds
Match those on the
ballistic dummy.
These vests came
From the same bad batch.
Honeycutt.
It's amazing how much damage
a bullet can do.
Yes, and these
were low-velocity,
Solid-point rounds.
Do we really need to make
anything more powerful, doctor?
There will always be a desire
for more power, dear boy.
(pops)
oh!
Ah. (chuckles)
I'm so glad you gave up
all those silly superstitions
About celebrating happy news.
Jimmy:
Oh, yeah.
Breena bought those
bubble gum cigars
When we decided to adopt.
What?!
That's what these are?
Yeah,
they were about to go bad.
I mean, that's not gonna
jinx it, is it?
Jimmy!
That's not how
These things work.
It's not?
No!
You need to touch
something wood.
Like, right now.
Let me get...
Uh, I...
Everything in here is metal!
I... (clears throat)
Keep it.
You finding
anything useful?
No. I mean,
About what?
The case.
Oh, right.
Uh, sergeant linn's mother
is here and on her way up.
She say where she got the vest?
Said she doesn't remember
sending it
And insisted on coming in.
I get the sense she's harboring
More residual anger
than her son.
Can I ask you a question?
Mm-hmm. Just did.
You were a sniper.
How did you do it?
Pulled the trigger.
Right.
But what did you...
What did you think about
When you were taking aim?
Smoke-checking
the target, bishop.
Right.
Of course.
I'm malory linn,
Freddie linn's mother.
You the agent in charge?
Yes, ma'am.
Then I've got two questions.
Why the hell is this
just coming out now?
And who the hell is responsible?
We understand your concern,
but...
Save it!
You told me
I sent my son body armor
That got him paralyzed?
Uh, yes, ma'am.
Well, if that's true,
We got more problems.
Who is "we"?
These are mothers
Who have also sent their sons
And daughters extra body armor.
So either somebody starts
answering our questions
Or we start asking them
in front of tv cameras.
Well, they agreed to hold off
on contacting any news outlets.
We just need a chance
to do our job, tim.
After mrs. Linn found out
about the vests,
She contacted every
military family she knew,
Hence the mom militia.
They all sent body armor?
Well, that's what we're trying
to find out right now,
But I think some are just
concerned moms and citizens.
As they should be until we find
out the source of these vests.
Manufacturer sent over
all the recall records.
It's a lot of paperwork.
Something could easily fall
through the cracks.
Yeah, go, find out.
(phone ringing)
Delilah, hey.
You're where?
Professor x.
Lieutenant dan!
Dr. Strangelove.
Ah, how about logan cale?
Jake sully?
The old lady from titanic?
Tony!
I thought we talked specifically
About not listing
disabled movie characters.
Delilah,
I'm so sorry. I wish I knew
That you were coming today.
Relax, tim.
I could've saved us
all the embarrassment.
I'm pretty sure you're
the only one who's embarrassed.
What?
I started it as a contest,
And I still think I can name
more than tony.
(laughs)
Okay, fine, you
were right, tim.
It feels really good to get out.
Oh.
Oh, okay then.
Dod delilah, good to see you.
Yeah, you, too.
Hey, since you're all here,
I would like to thank you
for taking out
That evil, coward bastard,
benham parsa.
Tony:
You know, that was actually
The name
on the death certificate.
(laughs)
Delilah!
Uh, incredible to see
you're doing so well,
And I can't wait to catch up,
But I have a break in the case.
You understand.
Oh, go, babe.
Okay, two things.
One, remember
The charity woman we met
at the gun show?
No. Yes, karen.
According to malory linn's
bank statements,
She wrote, uh, a check
To home in your hands
foundation.
Vest was part
of a care package.
Which is why mrs. Linn
doesn't remember sending it.
Charity must have shipped
other vests.
Okay, that's the thing, too.
I have three other mothers
Upstairs who sent care packages
via the same organization.
Dates?
As recent
As last month,
and they were sent to troops
In multiple branches
of the military.
The marine corps
has been on alert
Since we found
the bakery truck.
So we're gonna need to
coordinate with everyone now.
Get dod
Online in mtac.
A friendly face
might speed things up.
Oh, come on, you're just trying
to make me feel better.
Well, it depends.
How am I doing? It working?
Kind of.
Find the charity woman. On it.
(elevator bell dings)
Oh, do you want me
to roll you in?
No, I was letting
you go first.
Oh. Okay.
Uh...
Ooh.
I'm sorry,
I just need to turn around.
Sorry. Um...
Oh.
You know what, let me twist
you. I can help if I...
If I twist you.
Uh, you know what,
I'm just gonna back out.
Oh, I'm sorry.
No, it's fine.
It's fine.
I'm sorry.
Okay, okay.
You know, there's tom cruise
in born on the fourth of July.
Guy from coming home.
That kind of only works
with tony.
Bishop:
What's she waiting for?
Tony:
Give it time.
It's already been 35 minutes
Since we traced her cell phone.
I mean, she hasn't moved.
She know we're watching?
Are we being set up?
Should I call in backup?
These have splinters.
Give me a, uh, another
set of chopsticks.
I'm overanalyzing again, huh?
Soy sauce, please.
Are you ignoring me
and eating?
Work smarter,
not harder, bishop.
Universe rolls on its own.
Why get out and push?
How does that apply
to carrying a gun?
Like, say in the alley training,
How do I know when I'm pushing?
I'd love more advice.
Advice, huh?
Mm-hmm.
See what that says.
(chuckles)
(sighs)
Anything yet?
(groans)
if she's in the middle
Of nefarious charity dealings,
I don't see... Oh, wait.
I see something.
Yep, yep.
I see it.
Yeah.
(tires squealing)
(horn blaring)
Federal agents!
Turn off the vehicles.
Put your hands on
the steering wheel.
Please.
Why don't you check
The paper bag, emily post.
Anything good?
This is gonna
sound weird, but...
They're extra-absorbent tampons.
Hardly worth arresting me for.
It's funny. I usually get
mine at the grocery store.
Mm.
And do you have
a favorite brand?
Maybe.
Well, that guy that you
freaked out in the pickup truck
Is the father of a marine,
And she has
a favorite brand, too.
I was on my way to
the post office when he called,
Wanting to add these
to her care package.
So you stopped
just for that?
I do whatever it takes.
The least we can do
for our troops
Is give them what they want.
Hmm. Last time I heard,
Our troops just want
gear that works.
What is this?
The vests you've been sending.
Courtesy of this guy.
We have proof
faulty vests
Have come from
your organization.
You've been buying
shoddy armor...
No.
And pocketing the profit.
No!
I started my organization
Because me father, his father
And my great-grandfather
before him all served.
I do it in their honor.
For their sacrifice.
What about
sergeant linn's sacrifice?
Upon bullet impact,
the ceramic plates
Shattered
and entered his lower back.
I think I'm gonna be sick.
Good.
I had no idea they were faulty.
He told me
they were authentic.
Corey ruxin?
Lives are at risk.
But you can still help us
before more damage is done.
I never asked ruxin questions
Because it saved money.
So I could send more.
Where were you this morning?
I was at the expo all day,
Taking donations
and orders.
You can check
credit card transactions.
I'm the only employee we have.
We're gonna need all
your shipping records,
Names, unit numbers, everything.
The faulty gear
is still out there.
(phone rings)
Yeah, mcgee?
Dod's put out
a system-wide advisory
On the faulty vests.
It urges troops to use
Only their
military-issued body armor.
Sounds like there's
a "but" coming.
According to my bosses
and marine forces
Central command,
there's a team
On an active recon mission
in helmand province.
Afghanistan.
It's a hot spot for
insurgent activity.
And that's just
in the last month.
The team's out
of radio contact.
And not only will
the bulletin not
reach them...
Mcgee:
We have confirmation
That two squad members
received care packages
From upline's charity.
There are marines
Wearing faulty gear into battle.
They said they'd be right back.
I-is the feed still live?
'cause it looks like they cut.
Boys sent you up
to wait for word, huh?
Rookie hazing?
Uh...
Two hot chicks...
They probably figured
we'd get faster results.
And I'm in a wheelchair.
Double points.
(laughs)
aw...
Oh, no, you'd be surprised.
People go out of their way
to help me now.
Total strangers, boyfriends.
I don't always need it.
Well...
People are generally good.
Someone was selling
defective body armor,
And then someone
killed that someone.
And now we are
trying to get
Some of those vests back
from a u.S. Marine
Recon unit in afghanistan.
Well, I guess we all
need help sometimes.
Maybe.
You read that
in a fortune cookie?
Yeah.
(laughs)
This recall paperwork
is mind-numbing.
Well, legal statutes,
mandatory procedures,
And corporate oversights
are meant to protect us.
Whatever happened to darwinism?
You have to sign
a release for that.
Well, everything
here looks good.
It appears the manufacturer
followed protocol
And properly disposed
Of the defective vests.
Ha-ha!
So it wasn't the
contractor in the lab
With the faulty
body armor?
First time for everything.
Give me an update.
Well, the charity woman's alibi
Checks out for
the time of the murder.
Marine unit in afghanistan.
Uh... Bishop and delilah
Are trying to get
a message to them.
So far, no luck.
Is there any good news?
Tony:
Delilah seems to be
liking the distraction.
Otherwise... Nothing good.
Huh.
Adjust your ascot
And back up the
mystery machine.
It sounds like
mcscooby's got a clue.
Maybe...
Boss, legally,
The manufacturer has to hire
a recycling company
To destroy the vests.
I mean, that sounds
like something
That should cost
a pretty penny.
So the company took a hit?
No.
According to last quarter's
earning statement,
The body armor
division made money.
Forms signed by
benson honeycutt.
Makes no sense.
How do you make money
off defective items?
I knew the corporate stooge
had to be involved.
Let's go.
You better explain
all this to me
Before my boss
comes in here.
'cause he's not much
for legal forms.
My company
followed
The letter of
the law to a t.
You've been making money
off your mistakes.
There's nothing wrong
with good business.
And scare tactics
don't work on me.
I've stared into the
eyes of the irs before
And I'm still
standing.
Military lives
aren't write-offs.
These
vests are.
And we properly and
legally disposed of them.
You have three seconds.
Any manager worth
his salt will make
Lemonade
from lemons.
These lemons get
people killed.
Your mound of paperwork
can't hide kickbacks.
The recycling company was
paying you for the contract.
My department, yes.
The sale of valuable
goods is legal.
So you knew they were
gonna sell the body armor.
No, they were gonna sell
raw silicon carbide.
It's used
in making
Ceramic plates
in the armor.
It's also used for
making everything
From car brakes
to l.E.D. Lights.
That's why they pay us.
Look, if the
recycling company
Is not destroying the vests
for the raw material,
It's-it's not my problem.
Legally, we are
in the clear.
Mcgee:
Boss...
You turning your back
Makes you just as guilty.
Mcgee:
Check this out.
Personally,
I feel bad.
But my job is
to audit the company.
Nothing more.
Yeah, well,
we got plenty more.
Phone records.
Mcgee:
You received six calls
From fay gussman in
the last 24 hours.
She runs more than
just the gun expo.
She owns the recycling company.
Tony:
Well, look at that.
You and good ol'
guss are bffs.
Let's ask her.
Go on.
You think she'll talk?
Wait.
She called me
when the vests
Were found in the crash.
She said she wanted
to tie up loose ends
So it didn't get back to her.
I didn't know that
that meant murder.
You knew the vests were
never gonna be recycled.
No.
But I want to call a lawyer.
You call gussman first.
What? What for?
You two are gonna
have a meeting.
(dog barking in distance)
(vehicles approaching)
(tires screeching)
Gibbs:
Ncis!
Come out with your hands up!
Go.
(automatic gunfire)
(bishop grunts)
tony: Bishop!
Now!
(gasps)
(bishop groans)
(dog barking in distance)
(groans)
Bishop.
(coughs)
Oh, holy fish sticks,
that hurt.
(distant siren wailing)
Lucky you got the real thing.
Mcgee:
Can't say the same thing
for ms. Gussman.
She tried using one of those
faulty vests as a last resort.
(moans)
is she dead?
It all comes
around, bishop.
(sirens approaching)
(moans)
All right?
Yeah.
Thanks.
Hey.
Hey, back.
Just got word from afghanistan.
Marine unit made
it back safely.
Mcgee:
And since we found the
rest of the faulty vests
In gussman's storage unit,
All body armor is accounted for.
Mm, nice work.
You, too.
Thanks for including me.
It was good.
You ready to be back?
Oh, no.
I think I still have
A few things I need
to figure out.
Plus, I need
(bishop moans)
some more time
with this puppy.
Although I'm
thinking bishop
Might need it more than me.
Hey!
Hi, how you
holding up?
Bruised ribs.
Can't breathe.
Part of the job.
No, it isn't.
But the paperwork is.
Agent gibbs?
Do you mind if tim
gives me a ride home?
Nah.
Make him take you
to breakfast first.
Ooh.
That sounds good.
Actually, boss,
I had another stop in mind.
It might take a little longer.
Take as long as you need, tim.
What are you two talking about?
Should I be worried?
No.
Go.
Go!
(airplane approaching)
(car door closing)
Delilah:
This is weird.
Kind of creepy.
Why is there a wheelchair
In the middle
of that field?
Freddie:
(whoops) bull's-eye!
Seven out of ten!
I'll be right over,
Agent mcgee.
So he's...?
I wanted you to meet him.
He went through
some of
The same things you have, and...
Well, I thought
a talk would be nice.
(exhales)
thank you.
Come here.
(sniffles)
But if we're already here,
We should do more
than just talk.
What do you mean?
I've always wanted
to go skydiving.
Skydiving?
Mm.
I'll jump if you do.
Um...
Captioning sponsored by
cbs
And toyota.
Captioned by
media access group at wgbh
access.Wgbh.Org